Tidy and add troubleshooting hints to module 7 instructions (#16)
CorndelWithSoftwire/DevOps-Course-Workshop-Module-07-Learners: during_workshop_7.md

    - name: Hello world       # Name of step
      run: echo 'Hello world' # Command to run
```

> * Specify `uses`followed by the name of the action. The name of the action is of the form `GitHubUsername/RepositoryName`. The action can be one supplied by GitHub, in which case you can find it here: <https://github.com/actions>. It could also be one created by someone else, in which case you can find them by googling or by browsing https://github.com/marketplace?type=actions. You can also create your own action, or fork an existing action to make changes to it. For example:

Reviewer: I don't see the need to mention browsing the actions user's repos, or googling. Neither of which seem optimal. Googling is intuitive though and I'm sure they will if they find it easier Also the "for example" is briefly confusing when it follows "fork an existing action to make changes to it".

```suggestion
* Specify `uses` followed by the name of the action. The name of the action is of the form `GitHubUsername/RepositoryName` and you can find them by searching the [marketplace](https://github.com/marketplace?type=actions). Anyone can publish actions - you could create your own or fork an existing one. If it is supplied by GitHub themselves, the username will be `actions`. For example:
```
